SW1
```
enable
conf t
interface et0/1
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 1 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/3
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 1 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et1/0
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 5 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/2
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 5 mode active
no shut
exit
exit
```

SW2
```
enable
conf t
interface et0/0
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 1 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/3
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 1 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/1
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et1/0
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
no shut
exit
exit
```

SW3
```
enable
conf t
interface et0/2
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/0
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 2 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/3
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 3 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/1
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 3 mode active
no shut
exit
exit
```

SW4
```
enable
conf t
interface et0/3
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 3 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/0
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 3 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et1/0
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 4 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/1
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 4 mode active
no shut
exit
exit
```

SW5
```
enable
conf t
interface et0/2
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 4 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/0
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 4 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/3
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 5 mode active
no shut
exit
interface et0/1
channel-protocol lacp
channel-group 5 mode active
no shut
exit
exit
```